add baseHref (#13)
erickzanardo/flutter-gh-pages: README.md

```yml
      ...
      - uses: erickzanardo/flutter-gh-pages@v7
        with:
          targetBranch: my-gh-pages-branch
```

By default, the generated page only works on `User or Organization sites` ex:`user.github.io/`. 

> You can change that by specifying the `baseHref`, so the site will work on a `Project Site`, ex:`user.github.io/repoName`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change that by specifying the `baseHref` argument, so the site will work on a `Project Site`, ex:`user.github.io/repoName`.
```

> The parameter `baseHref` must start and end with a forward slash `"/"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The parameter `baseHref` must start and end with a forward slash `"/"`.
```

> (For projects created on flutter release version `2.2.3` or earlier, please manually edit the file `web/index.html`, changing the line `<base href="/">` to `<base href="$FLUTTER_BASE_HREF">`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(For projects created on flutter version earlier than `2.5.0`, please manually edit the file `web/index.html`, changing the line `<base href="/">` to `<base href="$FLUTTER_BASE_HREF">`)
```
